Consitancy tracker : 
The goal of this project is track the consistancy of a user and display it in a visual form. 
want to keep it complete offline and no complecate setup just plug and play. 

Key funtionality : 
---------------------------------
The Flow will be as followed 
 
UserID allocation : 
On First run Program will ask for User's Name and in the backend we will asign that user a uniquie id like a discord user ID. completely numarical.

Task allocation : 
next we shall ask for the task what task he wants to track for and for how many days. User can enter however many tasks he wants. 
once all the tasks has been added we shall ask for the optional cheat days user can at maximum 10 cheat days.
Two types of task 
1. which will span through the give number of days aks daily tasks. 
2. Temperory task only for one day. aka bonus tasks.
tasks scoring based on the number of tasks and based on bonus/temp tasks of the day. temp task can hold maximum of 0.5 of weitage.

reminder : 
before the the number of days has been over for the respective taks 
we give a reminder to user if he wants to continue tracking that tasks or not. 

deletion of tasks : 
user has the option to delete the task for the day or remove it for the given duration.

tarcker : 
once all tasks has been completed we will show the display like a git hub tracker to show his consistancy and mark that day as green. 
moreover if the user mark the cheat day then that day will show up as cheat day in orange or red color. 
if user fails to complete the tasks then no green box if completes it partially then lighter shade of green. (Just like github commite tracker) 
if user performs all the tasks plus additional daily task then we show a star on that day. 
if user does not performes all daily tasks but performs similar amount of temperory tasks we still shows darker green tick on it. 
Just like an app life dots the only diffrence being 1. its a mobile app 2. it tracks number of days 

Display of tasks : 
Tasks of the day will be displayed on top of the screen/dashboard along with modify/remove icon. 
additionally there will be an option for adding a new task for that day if any. 

Addons : 
---------------
Trakcer display : 
it should be displays as computer desktop backround. Moreover it updates as the days goes by and shows the full month tracker.

Future expantion : 
- Add task with deadlines. 
- Add an option for user to track / or be able to see their peers progression not the actual tasks just the tracker 
and show the comparison of their progress achieve that with  given uniquie user id. 
user  should be able to search and frequantly searched ids will be stored on the system. 
- Able to sync on mobile app like anki and ability use the app exactly like desktop on phone as well. 

Key questions : 
1. How should we approch this? What should be the game plan
2. What technology to use? 
3. HOw can it be standalone? and how can we have an option to make it online too. 
4. Should we have a database for it or should we just work with json files?
5. How can we make a modern / Dashboard like UI in this?



